[Music]
what type of guy is for you dating can
be complicated to say the least
you keep meeting people you like for
some reason it doesn't work out and
still end up alone maybe you're going
for the wrong type do you even know what
sort of guy you need don't worry I've
got you covered after you finish this
test you'll learn what type of guy is
your perfect match but before you find
out what the man of your dreams should
be like be sure to click subscribe and
ring the bell to turn on post
notifications now you won't miss any
exciting updates coming out daily on the
bright side of life back to today's test
you'll be given ten questions and all
you have to do is choose the image you
like best
you'll get points for each choice so
don't forget to grab a pen and a piece
of paper to keep track of your score so
are you ready then let's get started
question one do you prefer guys with
dark eyes like brown or green or light
colored eyes such as blue or gray if
blue eyed babes are your weakness you
get zero points for this one if you get
lost in brown eyes write down ten points
question two what about facial hair yay
or nay if you prefer guys with a beard
you don't get any points for this
question but if you like a clean-shaven
dude here's your ten points let's move
on to your perfect man's closet
question three do you like guys who are
always dressed to the nines or are you
more into the casual laid-back style
casual gets zero points but looking on
fleek every day is worth 10 points
but enough about looks let's talk about
your guys personality question number
four do you prefer men with charisma in
an incredible sense of humor or more
serious and thoughtful guys if you chose
the fun type don't add anything to your
tally serious deep thinkers on the other
hand get you ten points question number
five and what about you are you more
into hanging out with a large group of
friends and acquaintances or spending
time by yourself if you prefer to be
surrounded by a big company of compadres
no points for you all the lone wolves
and introverts get ten points for this
one though question number six
what about beverages do you mostly
prefer cold drinks like soda or hot ones
like coffee if nothing makes you feel
better than a cold bubbly drink you get
no points for this question for those of
you who warm up to a hot cup of coffee
or tea
you can add ten points question number
seven in general what do you like more
the book version of your favorite series
like Harry Potter Lord of the Rings and
such or the movie adaptations if you
pick the movie version you don't get any
points here as for the book rooms out
there your 10 points are waiting for you
question number 8 what combo of seasons
do you like better spring in summer or
fall and winter if you enjoy summer in
spring you get 0 points
choosing fall and winter brings you to
10 points now let's talk about
adventures question number 9 bungee
jumping skydiving riding on a motorcycle
at top speeds are you in or out
sorry adrenaline junkies you get no
points here but if you said no thanks I
choose life then you can add 10 points
to your tally and finally question
number 10 what are you looking for in a
relationship
finding a best friend who you'll create
tons of fun memories with or someone who
will provide a sense of security for you
and will be ready to start a family
seeking a best friend in your guide
gives you no points but if you choose a
family man here's your final 10 points
and there you go that's all the
questions I have for you now it's time
to calculate your results and find out
what it all means if you got 0 to 20
points your perfect guy is a true free
spirit just like you are he loves to
live life to the fullest he's an
optimist that can brighten your day
within seconds but that doesn't mean he
can't be serious he's very creative and
forward-thinking
which makes him an incredible companion
he just doesn't take life too seriously
or let problems and obstacles stop him
from living in the moment this simply
means that you two will definitely be
the most fun and interesting couple
around even in your golden years your
souls will be forever young if your
result is between 30 and 40 points your
ideal man has a strong moral compass he
knows exactly what he wants and he'd
never do anything that he doesn't
believe in and that's amazing it lets
you know that if he's with you it means
he really wants this relationship to
work he's loyal to the core very kind
and tries to help everyone around him at
the same time he's determined and
doesn't let failure stop him from making
his dreams come true he will be your
rock a person you can lean on for
support rested ease knowing that this
guy will never let you down so congrats
you definitely got one of the best types
out there if you came out with 50 to 60
points it means that your future man is
the go-getter he's very family-oriented
and he'll do everything to make sure
that his loved ones are taken care of
sounds like the perfect future husband
and father right
he's a selfless perfectionist which is a
match you don't see often plus he's
really charismatic and can grab every
attention as soon as he enters the room
knowing him makes everyone a better
person and you're certainly very lucky
to capture this man's heart getting 70
to 80 points means your perfect guy is
an intellectual trust me you can talk to
this type for hours
he's very well-rounded and can speak on
pretty much every topic out there he's
really curious about the world and he
constantly broadens his horizons to find
out more at the same time he's very
patient and observant he's good at
noticing even the slightest changes in
your behavior or mood so if something
will suddenly be off in your
relationship he'll be the first one to
notice it and suggest talking about it
plus he's the best listener and gives
amazing advice you can be sure that your
emotional connection will always stay
perfect since he won't let anything ruin
your relationship and finally if you got
90 to 100 points the guy of your dreams
is your inspiration he's the person who
can lift you up in no time making sure
you know how amazing beautiful and
talented you are he's devoted and
protective of you and he's the best
person to talk to when you're feeling
down he's an incredibly determined type
with his own goals and aspirations you
too will definitely make the perfect duo
of strong-willed and independent people
who are totally committed to one another
with him around you don't have to worry
about anything he'll be your personal
cheerleader supporting you in your
endeavors and letting you know that you
can do anything you set your mind to for
that reason the two of you are
unstoppable so what type of guy did you
get would you give this kind of guy a
shot let us know down in the comments if
you enjoyed this video hit the like
button and share it with all your single
friends maybe it'll help them out too
for more fun bright side in your life
just click subscribe and join the family
see you next time
[Music]